Update traditional to salt migration documentation (#2848)
uyuni-project/uyuni-docs: modules/client-configuration/pages/contact-methods-migrate-traditional.adoc

To migrate a system from a traditional client to a {salt}, the user can create a {salt} bootstrap script and re-register the client system with it.

This could be done by:

* generating a reactivation key for the client,
* creating a bootstrap script with a specific activation key, and
* running the bootstrap script to register the client, with the aforementioned reactivation key.

> 
> == Generate reactivation key

Reviewer: ```suggestion

== Generate Reactivation Key
```

> A reactivation key can be used to re-register the client and regain all {productname} settings. For more information on how to create one, refer to xref:client-configuration/activation-keys.adoc#_reactivation_keys[]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A reactivation key can be used to re-register the client and regain all {productname} settings. 
For more information on how to create reactivation key, see xref:client-configuration/activation-keys.adoc#_reactivation_keys[]
```

> 
> == Create bootstrap script

Reviewer: ```suggestion

== Create Bootstrap Script
```

> .Procedure: Creating a bootstrap script

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.Procedure: Creating Bootstrap Script
```

> A bootstrap script can be created through the WebUI or from the command line. Both are detailed in xref:client-configuration:registration-bootstrap.adoc[].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A bootstrap script can be created through the {webui} or from the command line. 
For more information about creating bootstrap script, see xref:client-configuration:registration-bootstrap.adoc[].
```

> Remember to generate it with the activation key you've setup beforehand.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[NOTE]
====
Use  the activation key created before to generate the bootstrap script.
====
```

. Once the bootstrap script is generated, it's stored on the server in the [path]``/srv/www/htdocs/pub/bootstrap`` directory.
  Alternatively, you can access the bootstrap script over HTTPS.
  Replace [literal]``<example.com>`` with the host name of your {productname} Server:
+
----
https://<example.com>/pub/bootstrap/bootstrap.sh
----

> [NOTE]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[IMPORTANT]
```

====

> By default, the bootstrap script will try to install [package]``venv-salt-minion`` for {salt} clients if it is available in the bootstrap repository, or [package]``salt-minion`` if there is no {salt} bundle in the bootstrap repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Bootstrap script will try to install [package]``venv-salt-minion`` for {salt} clients if it is available in the bootstrap repository, or [package]``salt-minion`` if there is no {salt} bundle in the bootstrap repository.
```

It is possible to avoid installing {salt} bundle and keep using [package]``salt-minion`` if you need it.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

For more information, see xref:client-configuration:contact-methods-saltbundle.adoc[Salt Bundle].
====

> == Run bootstrap script

Reviewer: ```suggestion

== Run Bootstrap Script
```
